# Tweet by Pierre Poilievre (@PierrePoilievre)

We must put CANADA FIRST.
 
That is why Common Sense Conservatives condemn President Trump’s massive, unjust and unjustified tariffs on Canada’s already weak economy. Canada is the United States’ closest neighbour, greatest ally and best friend. We share the longest undefended border and fought alongside Americans in two world wars, Korea and Afghanistan, where 158 of our brave men and women died helping the U.S. avenge the 9/11 attacks. There is no justification whatsoever for this treatment.    
 
The Liberals must put aside their partisan interests and recall Parliament now to pass a Canada First Plan that will: 
 
1. Retaliate with dollar-for-dollar tariffs carefully aimed at maximizing impact on American companies while minimizing impact on Canadian consumers. That means targeting U.S. products that we can make ourselves, buy elsewhere or do without. For example, we must retaliate against American steel and aluminium, as Canadians can make those vital products at home. 
 
2. Put all the tariff revenues into help for affected workers and businesses; Government should not keep a dime of the new revenue. 
 
3. Pass a massive emergency Bring It Home Tax Cut to bolster the economy, stop inflation and save and create jobs. Canada needs a massive tax cut on work, investment, energy, homebuilding and making stuff at home. The Liberal carbon tax and capital gains tax hikes must be the first on the chopping block.  
 
4. Immediately scrap the Liberal anti-resource law C-69 and greenlight LNG plans, pipelines, mines, factories, and port expansions to overseas markets.  
 
5. Bring in truly free trade within Canada by knocking down interprovincial barriers to help replace lost north-south trade with east-west trade and to make us self-reliant.
 
6. Rebuild our military and take back control of our borders to regain the confidence of our partners, assert our sovereignty, protect our people and put Canada First.   
 
We will protect our economy, defend our sovereignty, bring home production and paycheques and never back down. We will put Canada First—now and always.

Date: 2025-02-01 22:34:36

[Original Tweet](https://x.com/PierrePoilievre/status/1885819065710829892)
