# Tweet by Pierre Poilievre (@PierrePoilievre)

RT @MikeBarrettON: BREAKING NEWS 
 
Access to Information documents reveal the RCMP opened an investigation into the Liberal Government's W…

## Retweeted Tweet

**Michael Barrett (@MikeBarrettON):** BREAKING NEWS 
 
Access to Information documents reveal the RCMP opened an investigation into the Liberal Government's WE Charity Scandal. 
 
WE Charity Scandal: Trudeau gave WE Charity a $900-million contract after WE paid the Trudeau family almost $300K in speaking fees and over $200K in travel expenses.
 
Trudeau's Finance Minister accepted $41K in free travel paid by WE, was forced to resign and found guilty of breaking ethics laws.
 
The saga led to Trudeau's first prorogation of Parliament, 24 hours before the Ethics Committee was supposed to receive his family's public speaking contracts.
 
The RCMP interviewed:
-Trudeau Minister Bardish Chagger
-Trudeau's Director of Policy
-Freeland's Senior Advisor
-Senior Public Servants 
 
WE Charity founders Craig and Marc Kielburger did not cooperate with this investigation and dodged interviews with the RCMP.
 
BUT just like the SNC affair, the RCMP gave Trudeau a pass, never even asked him for an interview, and didn't file charges.
 
Canadians are tired of the RCMP routinely opening up files into Liberals: WE Charity, SNC, ArriveScam, Green Slush Fund. 
 
Enough. 
 
Only Common Sense Conservatives can clean up Liberal corruption.

[Original Retweeted Tweet](https://x.com/MikeBarrettON/status/1894085501680062572)

Date: 2025-02-25 19:50:51

[Original Tweet](https://x.com/PierrePoilievre/status/1894475163925713256)
